c:\users\tekproa01\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Base Proyecto CRV-RGM\UI\bin\Debug\UI.exe.config
c:\users\tekproa01\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Base Proyecto CRV-RGM\UI\bin\Debug\UI.exe
c:\users\tekproa01\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Base Proyecto CRV-RGM\UI\bin\Debug\UI.pdb
c:\users\tekproa01\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Base Proyecto CRV-RGM\UI\bin\Debug\UI.xml
c:\users\tekproa01\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Base Proyecto CRV-RGM\UI\obj\Debug\UI.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tekproa01\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Base Proyecto CRV-RGM\UI\obj\Debug\UI.Resources.resources
c:\users\tekproa01\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Base Proyecto CRV-RGM\UI\obj\Debug\UI.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\tekproa01\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Base Proyecto CRV-RGM\UI\obj\Debug\UI.exe
c:\users\tekproa01\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Base Proyecto CRV-RGM\UI\obj\Debug\UI.xml
c:\users\tekproa01\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Base Proyecto CRV-RGM\UI\obj\Debug\UI.pdb
c:\users\tekproa01\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Base Proyecto CRV-RGM\UI\obj\Debug\UI.frmInicioAdministrador.resources
c:\users\tekproa01\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Base Proyecto CRV-RGM\UI\obj\Debug\UI.frmInicioEvaluador.resources
c:\users\tekproa01\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Base Proyecto CRV-RGM\UI\obj\Debug\UI.frmLogin.resources
c:\users\tekproa01\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Base Proyecto CRV-RGM\UI\obj\Debug\UI.frmPais.resources
C:\Users\Tekproa01\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Base Proyecto CRV-RGM\UI\obj\Debug\UI.frmCategoria.resources
C:\Users\Tekproa01\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Base Proyecto CRV-RGM\UI\obj\Debug\UI.frmContacto.resources
C:\Users\Tekproa01\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Base Proyecto CRV-RGM\UI\obj\Debug\UI.frmDetalleEvaluacion.resources
C:\Users\Tekproa01\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Base Proyecto CRV-RGM\UI\obj\Debug\UI.frmEvaluacion.resources
C:\Users\Tekproa01\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Base Proyecto CRV-RGM\UI\obj\Debug\UI.frmPregunta.resources
C:\Users\Tekproa01\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Base Proyecto CRV-RGM\UI\obj\Debug\UI.frmUsuario.resources
C:\Users\Tekproa01\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Base Proyecto CRV-RGM\UI\obj\Debug\UI.frmUsuarioCategoria.resources
